Sony 55" Class - LED - 4K Ultra HD TV (2160p) - 120Hz - Smart - 3D - HDTV

Enjoy a picture that is 4 times clearer than HD with this Sony XBR55X900A HDTV. 
To build a complete 3D home theater system, we recommend you purchase 3D glasses 
designed for this TV, a 3D Blu-ray player, high-speed HDMI cable and an A/V receiver 
that is compatible with 3D products.


Watch and store 4K content with the Sony 4K Ultra HD media player.
Product Features

Smart Enabled
Get access to a world of instant entertainment with this product. Just connect to the 
Internet and stream movies, listen to music, and access a wide variety of other content. 
Learn more about Smart Products.
4K Ultra HD resolution
More than 8,000,000 pixels for lifelike clarity and detail.Learn about 4K Ultra HD.
4K X-Reality PRO chip
Enhances all content, including movies, TV shows, sporting events and more. Reality 
Creation database and Super Resolution processing ensure rich, vibrant images.
54-5/8" screen measured diagonally from corner to corner
For optimal viewing in large rooms.
Connect to the Internet
Access to Netflix, Pandora, Skype, Facebook, YouTube and more. DLNA, Mobile High-Definition 
Link (cable not included) and Miracast technologies let you view media stored on compatible 
devices.
3D technology
Delivers crisp, immersive visuals in 4K Ultra HD resolution for an enhanced viewing 
experience.
Sony TRILUMINOS display technology
Offers a wide range of brilliant colors.
Motionflow XR 960 technology
Helps minimize blurring during fast-action scenes to showcase movies and games in 
arresting clarity
More than 1,000,000:1 dynamic contrast ratio
Along with Dynamic Edge LED lighting with local dimming delivers deep blacks and 
brilliant whites.
65W sound system
Features 6 front-facing magnetic fluid speakers to accurately reproduce audio. 
S-Force Front Surround 3D simulates 5.1-channel sound with an enlarged sweet spot 
for an immersive listening experience.
Inputs
Include 4 HDMI, 2 composite (rear), 1 component shared (rear), 1 RF, RS-232C, IR and 
MHL (Mobile High Definition Link).
4 HDMI inputs
HDMI cable not included. High-speed HDMI cable is the only connection that can deliver a 
full HDTV experience with a full 4K Ultra HD picture and digital surround sound.
Built-in Ethernet port
Enables connection of your TV to your home network. Built-in Wi-Fi offers simple wireless 
connectivity.
USB port
For quick connection of a digital camera or other USB device.
SimulView and TV SideView app
Simultaneously displays 2 full HD pictures for enhanced 2-player gaming (glasses required, 
not included). TV SideView app lets you view channel guides, search for content and use your 
compatible device as a remote.